Welcome to the learn-encryption-with-python wiki!

The intention of this repository is to document my journey through a self-guided project to learn about the mathematics of encryption myself and to provide a learning resource for anyone with a similar goal or interest. Spoiler: there is some mathematics involved, but I will attempt to start of with very general descriptions of concepts using words and diagrams that I have created so that you do not have to delve into the mathematics if you do not feel comfortable with it. I will follow up with more technical sections containing the underlying mathematics and some accompanying python code that demonstrates the concepts at a lower level. I will provide working examples and instructions on how to run the python code examples so that others can use, understand or change what I have done to help them learn at the depth they are comfortable with. I will attempt to apply a difficulty icon to indicate the level of technical understanding required so people can skip over parts that they may not want to delve into. I will try to make it accessible for non-technical readers, but also informative for the more technical learners amongst us and the inquisitive minded who can't let things go until they understand them. I suffer from this which is one reason why I am doing this project. I don't feel I can speak confidently about something unless I know the underlying reasons of how it works and why it exists. I hope this is helpful for you as much as it is for me writing it. Please feel free to comment/contribute to the project. I will use open-source/free products only to create the content so that anyone can contribute if they wish to. I have provided a list of references below which will grow as I progress.

I may change the name near the end of the project to something more snappy.

References
[1] https://www.wiley.com/en-au/Implementing+Cryptography+Using+Python-p-9781119612216